DOCSP-30019: add detail to index + some other cleanup (#115)
mongodb/docs-kafka-connector: source/index.txt

What's New
----------

For a list of new features and changes in each version, see the
:ref:`kafka-connector-whats-new` section.

Quick Start
-----------

Learn how to get started with the {+connector+} and begin working with data
in the :ref:`kafka-quick-start` section.

Introduction
------------

Learn about and how the {+connector+} passes data between {+kafka+}
and MongoDB in the :ref:`kafka-connector-introduction` section. In this
section, you can also learn about how to install the connector and
configure it to connect to your MongoDB deployment.

Tutorials
---------

Follow :ref:`tutorials <kafka-connector-tutorials>` to learn how to set
up the {+connector+} to read and write data for several use cases.

Sink Connector
--------------

Learn how to configure how the {+sink-connector+} writes data from
{+kafka+} into MongoDB in the :ref:`kafka-sink-overview` section.

Source Connector
----------------

Learn how to configure how the {+source-connector+} writes data from
MongoDB into {+kafka+} in the :ref:`kafka-source-overview` section.

Security and Authentication
---------------------------

Learn how to secure communications between MongoDB and the

> connector in the :ref:`kafka-connector-security-auth` section. In this

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it would be update this instance too for the same reasons as the [prior suggestion](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-kafka-connector/pull/115#discussion_r1198353771).

```suggestion
{+connector+} in the :ref:`kafka-connector-security-auth` section. In this
```

> section, you can also learn how to authenticate with MongoDB by using
> AWS-based authentication.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think this could statement could be more informative by identifying what is authenticating with MongoDB and "AWS-based authentication" are.

```suggestion
section, you can also learn how to configure the {+connector+} to connect to MongoDB using AWS IAM credentials.
```

I hope that's not too specific such that it won't need to change soon. I'm not aware of any other methods of authentication for the connector that are planned.

data sink into MongoDB as well as publishes changes from MongoDB into Kafka
topics as a data source.

What's New
----------

For a list of new features and changes in each version, see the
:ref:`kafka-connector-whats-new` section.

Quick Start
-----------

Learn how to get started with the connector and begin working with data

> in the :ref:`kafka-quick-start` section.

Author: will change throughout where needed

Introduction
------------

Learn about key concepts and processes related to the connector in the
:ref:`kafka-connector-introduction` section.

Tutorials
---------

Learn how to set up and perform specific tasks with the connector
in the :ref:`kafka-connector-tutorials` section.

Sink Connector
--------------

Learn how to read data from {+kafka+} and write data to MongoDB
with the sink connector in the :ref:`kafka-sink-overview` section.

Source Connector
----------------

Learn how to read data from MongoDB and write data to {+kafka+}
with the source connector in the :ref:`kafka-source-overview` section.

Security and Authentication
---------------------------

Learn how to secure communications between MongoDB and the

> connector in the :ref:`kafka-connector-security-auth` section.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
I think this is a good general description of the goals of the section (duplicates the overview of the SSL/TLS and X.509 certificates page), but could be more helpful to the user if it included a more specific description about the contents of the MONGODB-AWS the section contains. Would like to see what you come up with here!

Monitoring
----------

Learn how to monitor your source and sink connectors in the
:ref:`kafka-monitoring` section.

Migrate from the Community Connector
------------------------------------

Learn how to to migrate your Kafka deployments from the
community-created sink connector to the official connector in the
:ref:`Migration Guide <migrate-from-kafka-connect-mongodb>`.

Troubleshooting
---------------

Learn how to address issues you may encounter while running the
connector in the :ref:`kafka-troubleshooting` section.

How to Contribute
-----------------

> Learn how to contribute to the official connector's codebase in

Reviewer: Suggestion:
I think it is better to use the (shorter) product name (source constant "{+connector+}") instead of "official connector" since that hasn't been defined and the context for "official connector" may not have been picked up -- or ever set -- on this page.

the :ref:`kafka-community-contributions` section.

Issues & Help
-------------

Learn how to report bugs, request features, and find additional

> resources in the :ref:`kafka-issues-help` section.

Author: I thought the link to the Community forums was pointing to additional resources, but I think it's fine to omit the phrase.
